Author:   Cody Cook
Date:     3/1/2017
Purpose:  To create a personal website to both gain html, css, and javascript experience 
          as well as have a platform to display my personal projects and achievements.
         
Inspiration:  I have always had an interest in web design, as far back as middle school 
              using google.com/sites/ to make websites (essentially copy-pasted template
              ones though). I was never satisfied with the restrictive nature of premade
              templates and long domains associated with google sites or wordpress or
              the like. So I finally decided to build a proper website, domain, hosting,
              html, css, js, and all. Bellow I will detail the steps I took along with 
              the sources I used to help me build this site from scratch.
              
Hosting:      In the interest of keeping costs down and having a github account, I
              discovered github could act as a server for hosting a webste with its
              build in "Github Pages" functionality. I followed the general set up
              guide listed here: https://pages.github.com/
              
              1) I created a new repository for the site. I named mine "website".
              
              2) I made a new html file "index.html" in the master repository and with
                 my basic knowledge of html made a simple "hello world" html page.
                 
              3) Then as per github pages, I made a branch named "gh-pages" from the 
                 master branch.
                 
              4) Then after committing changes I could see the website from live at
                 https://codycook96.github.io/ (no longer active because of the new
                 domain).
                 
Domain:       I wanted the website to stand out and appear more professional, so I opted
              to purchase a domain. 
              
              1) I bought the domain "codycook.info" from https://www.namecheap.com/ 
                 using their basic DNS Package.
                 
              2) Then in my repository (gh-pages branch) I created a file named CNAME
                 (no extension) that would redirect trafic from the Github servers to my 
                 site. It simply contained my domain "codycook.info"
                 
              3) To send that traffic to Github, I went to namecheap.com, and added two
                 DNS records ("A + Dynamic DNS Record") that were valued at the IP for 
                 Github's servers: "192.30.252.153" and "192.30.252.153".
                 
              4) After a certain amount of time (which could be adjusted under the "TTL" 
                 value on namecheap.com) the domain would now direct to my page hosted
                 on the Github server.
                 
Bootstrap     After two minutes of looking around, I discovered the bootstrap framework
              for html, css, and js was all but crucial to make a decent looking, light-
              weight website. So I downloaded it into my repository.
              
              1) From the bootstrap website, https://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/,
                 selected "Download Bootstrap", extracted the files, and uploaded them to
                 the repository.
                 
                 
                 
